README.md, before:

# Chirpy Starter

[![Gem Version](https://img.shields.io/gem/v/jekyll-theme-chirpy)][gem]&nbsp;
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/cotes2020/chirpy-starter.svg?color=blue)][mit]

When installing the [**Chirpy**][chirpy] theme through [RubyGems.org][gem], Jekyll can only read files in the folders
`_data`, `_layouts`, `_includes`, `_sass` and `assets`, as well as a small part of options of the `_config.yml` file
from the theme's gem. If you have ever installed this theme gem, you can use the command
`bundle info --path jekyll-theme-chirpy` to locate these files.

The Jekyll team claims that this is to leave the ball in the user’s court, but this also results in users not being
able to enjoy the out-of-the-box experience when using feature-rich themes.

To fully use all the features of **Chirpy**, you need to copy the other critical files from the theme's gem to your
Jekyll site. The following is a list of targets:

```shell
.
├── _config.yml
├── _plugins
├── _tabs
└── index.html
```

To save you time, and also in case you lose some files while copying, we extract those files/configurations of the
latest version of the **Chirpy** theme and the [CD][CD] workflow to here, so that you can start writing in minutes.

## Prerequisites

Follow the instructions in the [Jekyll Docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/) to complete the installation of
the basic environment. [Git](https://git-scm.com/) also needs to be installed.

## Installation

Sign in to GitHub and [**use this template**][use-template] to generate a brand new repository and name it
`USERNAME.github.io`, where `USERNAME` represents your GitHub username.

Then clone it to your local machine and run:

```console
$ bundle
```

## Usage

Please see the [theme's docs](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy#documentation).

## Contributing

The contents of this repository are automatically updated when new releases are made to the [main repository][chirpy].  
If you have problems using it, or would like to participate in improving it, please go to the main repository for feedback!

## License

This work is published under [MIT][mit] License.

[gem]: https://rubygems.org/gems/jekyll-theme-chirpy
[chirpy]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/
[use-template]: https://github.com/cotes2020/chirpy-starter/generate
[CD]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_deployment
[mit]: https://github.com/cotes2020/chirpy-starter/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

feat: integrate official Chirpy v7.3.1 template
🎉 Fresh Start with Official Chirpy:
- Integrated latest Chirpy starter template (v7.3.1)
- Added development containers and VS Code configuration
- Updated all core files to match official structure

✨ Enhancements:
- Clean, modern Jekyll setup with latest features
- Compatible html-proofer version (v4.0) for Ruby compatibility
- Professional development environment with containers
- Updated tools and scripts from official template

📝 Content Preserved:
- All personal configuration and content maintained
- About page and blog posts intact
- Custom social links and branding preserved

🔧 Development Ready:
- VS Code devcontainer support
- Modern development tools and workflows
- Clean, maintainable codebase structure

This provides a solid, future-proof foundation for the website.

README.md, after:

# Chirpy Starter

[![Gem Version](https://img.shields.io/gem/v/jekyll-theme-chirpy)][gem]&nbsp;
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/cotes2020/chirpy-starter.svg?color=blue)][mit]

When installing the [**Chirpy**][chirpy] theme through [RubyGems.org][gem], Jekyll can only read files in the folders
`_data`, `_layouts`, `_includes`, `_sass` and `assets`, as well as a small part of options of the `_config.yml` file
from the theme's gem. If you have ever installed this theme gem, you can use the command
`bundle info --path jekyll-theme-chirpy` to locate these files.

The Jekyll team claims that this is to leave the ball in the user’s court, but this also results in users not being
able to enjoy the out-of-the-box experience when using feature-rich themes.

To fully use all the features of **Chirpy**, you need to copy the other critical files from the theme's gem to your
Jekyll site. The following is a list of targets:

```shell
.
├── _config.yml
├── _plugins
├── _tabs
└── index.html
```

To save you time, and also in case you lose some files while copying, we extract those files/configurations of the
latest version of the **Chirpy** theme and the [CD][CD] workflow to here, so that you can start writing in minutes.

## Usage

Check out the [theme's docs](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/wiki).

## Contributing

This repository is automatically updated with new releases from the theme repository. If you encounter any issues or want to contribute to its improvement, please visit the [theme repository][chirpy] to provide feedback.

## License

This work is published under [MIT][mit] License.

[gem]: https://rubygems.org/gems/jekyll-theme-chirpy
[chirpy]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/
[CD]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_deployment
[mit]: https://github.com/cotes2020/chirpy-starter/blob/master/LICENSE
